---
title: "A kind of multi-functional energy conversion system"
collection: talks
type: "Patents"
permalink: /talks/2012-03-01-talk-1
venue: "Application No.: CN201711294038.4"
date: 2017-12-08
location: "Shanghai Institute of Technology"
---

The invention is called [A kind of multi-functional energy conversion system](http://www.innojoy.com/patent/patent.html?docno=CN201711294038.4&pnmno=CN107906768A&trsdb=fmzl&showList=true), it discloses a multi-functional energy conversion system, comprising a support body, a water storage box, and a wind power generation plant. Within the support body, there is an accommodating space designed for the water storage box, with an interlayer positioned above and/or below the accommodating space. The wind power generation plant includes a rotation axis, a flabellum runner assembly mounted on one end of the rotation axis, and a conversion equipment located on the rotating shaft. The flabellum runner assembly is situated on top of the support body.

Furthermore, the support body is equipped with an accommodating space positioned above and/or below the water storage box, intended for placing a magnetic disk fixed on the rotating shaft. During the rotation of the wind power generation plant's flabellum runner assembly, the rotation axis is driven to rotate, and the conversion equipment generates electrical energy stored in a storage battery. Simultaneously, the rotating axis impels the magnetic disk to rotate, inducing a metalwork mating reaction within the magnetic field and the water storage box. This reaction creates a vortex in the metalwork, generating heat and expediting the heating process of the water temperature, thereby enhancing energy utilization efficiency.
