---
title: "Award: Outstanding Winner"
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/2014-02-01-talk-2
venue: "Issued by Organizing Committee of China Intelligent Manufacturing Challenge"
date: 2019-07-18
location: "Shanghai Institute of Technology"
---

Participating in the Intelligent Manufacturing Engineering Design and Application Event: Motion Control of Discrete Industry Event, as part of the 13th "Siemens Cup" China Intelligent Manufacturing Challenge-East China Division, involves several key tasks.

Firstly, the competition requires the participants to accomplish hardware configuration and control program development on the SIMATIC CPU 1512C and SINAMICS S120 drives. This entails a thorough understanding of the hardware components and the development of precise control programs to ensure efficient and accurate motion control.

Another significant aspect of the competition is the development of the human-machine interface (HMI) on the HMI platform. Participants are expected to establish communication connections between relevant devices to facilitate seamless interaction within the manufacturing system.

In addition, participants are tasked with addressing diverse application environments. This involves analyzing the characteristics and control requirements of objects in different scenarios. The competition challenges participants to design control algorithms, conduct optimization, devise control system designs, make informed selections, and engage in debugging processes. Furthermore, participants must implement the control system and demonstrate their ability to handle abnormal situations effectively.

In summary, the competition encompasses a comprehensive set of challenges, ranging from hardware configuration and control program development to HMI design, communication setup, and the ability to adapt control strategies to varying application environments.
